c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\Ecommerce.Aplicacao.dll
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\Ecommerce.Aplicacao.pdb
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary1.dll
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\Ecommerce.Dominio.dll
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary1.pdb
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\Ecommerce.Dominio.pdb
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\obj\Debug\Ecommerce.Aplicacao.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\obj\Debug\Ecommerce.Aplicacao.dll
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\obj\Debug\Ecommerce.Aplicacao.pdb
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Paulo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ecommerce\Ecommerce.Aplicacao\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
